Decision about the experimental code (#1454)
lmc-eu/spirit-design-system: packages/web-react/docs/stories/feature-flags/Overview.stories.mdx

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';

<Meta title="Experimental/Feature Flags" />

# Feature Flags

## Table of Contents

- [Current feature flags](#current-feature-flags)
- [Turning on feature flags in SASS](#turning-on-feature-flags-in-sass)

The `@lmc-eu/spirit-web-react` codebase ships with a number of feature flags. These feature
flags enable new behavior and styling, allowing you to opt-in to new (and
sometimes breaking) changes while using the current version. A feature flag may

> be configured in JavaScript, SASS, or both.

Reviewer: jsx?

Author: React!

> This section in the Storybook documents each feature flag that is available and

Reviewer: will we actually keep another list of Feature Flags here? Should we just embed some other MD, where it will be documented centrally?

Author: Good point. I think we can use this file as a draft for some MD or something else. Do you have any idea where to store it?

Reviewer: Why not in the root docs folder? And linked in the main readme and/or in packages readmes?

Reviewer: I would keep it there and we can embed it here, like we embed the component readmes.

Author: Ok.

Author: Great idea. We should do this with other files, I think :-)

how to configure it. Folders and stories within this section in Storybook show
components with all feature flags turned on.

## Current feature flags

Flags prefixed with `enable-*` contain features we'd like consuming projects to
test and give us feedback on. They're generally stable and unlikely to change

> but may change based on your feedback.

Reviewer: And also the visual BCs. We don't want user to test them, but we don't want to break their designs.

Author: Rephrased.

> Flags prefixed with `enable-v3-*` are stable and won't change. They will be

Reviewer: 😒 ☝️ would remove this paragraph

Author: Copy changed.

marked as `true` or "on" by default in the next major version, v3.

For more details on this approach, see the

> [feature flag documentation](https://github.com/lmc-eu/spirit-design-system/blob/main/docs/contributting/experimental-code.md)

Reviewer: please link to bottom of the file and also please to the feature flag section (#anchor)

Author: Fixed.

> in the Carbon monorepo.

Reviewer: 🙃

Author: Fixed.

| Flag | Description | Default | SASS flag |
| ---- | ----------- | ------- | --------- |

## Turning on feature flags in SASS

In SASS, you can enable feature flags in any of your stylesheets. Most often
this is done at the root/entrypoint stylesheet.

```sass
@use '~@lmc-eu/spirit-web/scss/settings/feature-flags' with (
  $enable-modal-fullscreen: true
);

@use '~@lmc-eu/spirit-web/scss/foundation';
```

Feature flags can also be enabled via the provided `enable()` mixin

```sass
@use '@lmc-eu/spirit-web/scss/feature-flags';
@use '@lmc-eu/spirit-web';

> @include feature-flags.enable('enable-experimental-tile-contrast');

Reviewer: we don't have this infrastructure now. Currently, we support only the former option, but we also allow classname featureflags to be enabled locally.

Author: Ok, I have removed the `enable`.

import { Meta } from '@storybook/blocks';

<Meta title="Experimental/Feature Flags" />

# Feature Flags

## Table of Contents

- [Current feature flags](#current-feature-flags)
- [Turning on feature flags in SASS](#turning-on-feature-flags-in-sass)

The `@lmc-eu/spirit-web-react` codebase ships with a number of feature flags. These feature
flags enable new behavior and styling, allowing you to opt-in to new (and
sometimes breaking) changes while using the current version. A feature flag may
be configured in React, SASS, or both.

This section in the Storybook documents each feature flag that is available and
how to configure it. Folders and stories within this section in Storybook show
components with all feature flags turned on.

## Current feature flags

Flags prefixed with `enable-*` contain features we'd like consuming projects to
test and give us feedback on. They're generally stable and unlikely to change
but may change based on your feedback.

> Flags prefixed with `enable-v#-*` will be marked as `true` or "on" by default in the next major version.

Reviewer: Maybe somehow reword it. Because this is not what we do. We just remove the flag and make the behavior the default.

```suggestion
Flagged features prefixed with `enable-v#-*` will be made the default in the version specified in the name. 
```

Author: Fixed.

For more details on this approach, see the
[feature flag documentation][feature-flag-documentation]
in the Spirit Design System monorepo.

| Flag | Description | Default | SASS flag |
| ---- | ----------- | ------- | --------- |

## Turning on feature flags in SASS

In SASS, you can enable feature flags in any of your stylesheets. Most often
this is done at the root/entrypoint stylesheet.

```sass
@use '~@lmc-eu/spirit-web/scss/settings/feature-flags' with (
  $enable-modal-fullscreen: true
);

@use '~@lmc-eu/spirit-web/scss/foundation';
```

> Feature flags can also be enabled via the provided `enable()` mixin

Reviewer: we dont have this.

Author: Removed.

```sass
@use '@lmc-eu/spirit-web/scss/feature-flags';
@use '@lmc-eu/spirit-web';

@include feature-flags.enable('enable-experimental-tile-contrast');
```

> [feature-flag-documentation]: https://github.com/lmc-eu/spirit-design-system/blob/main/docs/contributting/experimental-code.md

Reviewer: link to section?

Author: Fixed.
